# Bachelor Thesis
This github repository contains all important files of my bachelor thesis.
This thesis is about improvement and tuning of scheduling problems formulated as Answer-Set-Program.

## Directories

### [cluster-experiments](./cluster-experiments)
Contains all experiments for the cluster.

### [encodings](./encodings)
Contains all encodings.

### [instances](./instances)
Contains all instances and the instance generators. 
The instance files must be generated by executing `instances/create_instances.sh`.

### [smac-wrapper](./smac-wrapper)
Contains the clingo/clingo-dl wrapper for SMAC3. See [smac-wrapper/README.md](./smac-wrapper/README.md) for more information.

### [utils](./utils)
Contains scripts and small helper utilities.
These helper scripts can be installed with `pip install utils`.

## Cluster Experiments
For parallelization of our benchmarks we use `HTCondor 8.4.2`.
All applications below must be installed by hand on the cluster. I recommend to install python3 and [conda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/) in the user directory. Then, using conda to install the remaining applications. It should be noted that the cluster has to support a shared filesystem, otherwise the applications must be installed on each cluster machine. The [cluster-experiments](./cluster-experiments/) folder contains all experiments. It also should be noted that the binary locations are hardcoded into the experiment files.

### Installed Applications
| Application | Version                                 |
|-------------|-----------------------------------------|
| clingo      | 5.5.0 (libclingo 5.5.0; libclasp 3.3.6) |
| clingo-dl   | 1.2.0 (libclingo 5.5.0; libclasp 3.3.6) |
| clingcon    | 5.0.0 (libclingo 5.5.0; libclasp 3.3.6) |
| python      | 3.9.5                                   |
